the baby did not live the mother lived yesterday
brought the baby and we put with
the table because of the heat and work in my
son the niece's friend
and I got up and she
I was drunk I was full and wobble
and I say to them to see we are wide
he tells me and we have not taken away the
fear was not that it was not throwing
we're going to be born that ball and did not have
smell someone was drug
this was more rise earlier than patri
half past four and a half in the morning and
pesos were all around
Georgia from the church followed with a kiss
then I raise it to my side drive and I
shouted at the hand
in poor condition
I was with the one represented in this
chair over there
and he tells me I tell him that with this baby he
I say I have fed her nothing
sleeping
when my son got the fact of the
weakness of the police
on the street
in coming he says' me when you fall asleep and
he tells you we no longer have 38 the full morning
serial
well we have been waiting for the
policemen come police let's make the
get out of there the police never came
well my niece tells me go from here to
well I got closer I did not cry
i
and then 8 o'clock in the morning
window
the baby is dead
not only I had it
but she never arrived
and he was stoned
now her parents to give him
to their children as they do not come they are
the others
I always said that there is no death
until the lawyer the owner look at you not
has instructed mouth that comes take the
as long as sir and
everything is filled with women and men
drug drunk and suck